91752: Add field Title to Customer object (#121)
MewsSystems/gitbook-channel-manager-api: changelog.md

# Changelog

## 1 March 2022 12:00 UTC

> * [Customer](mews-api.md#Customer) object extended. The field `title` was added.

Reviewer: From the structure below it seems that the message should be a little different. Based on line 90 (## 26th March 2020 12:00 UTC)
```suggestion
* [Customer](mews-api.md#Customer) extended. The `title` is now supported.
```
